=== Idea & Objective ===

Traditional programming learning environments focus either extremely on fun and lack the connection to practical skills or focus heavily on syntax and programming concepts but lack a fun teaching environment to keep the users motivated. 
Our hacksandbox.com takes another approach: learning by example. Being able to simply view, modify existing games and make your own version is very satisfying, and provides motivation for people who potentially have a passion for programming.
This platform is suitable for varying skill levels, and we aimed to accomplish this in a way that the user found fun and entertaining so they would be more likely to keep learning, creating, and sharing. 


=== Features ===

- Hacking:
	. Browse, play and get inspiration from works created by others
	. Hack or create your own copy of sketch / game without the need of an account
	. Instantly publish your hack and share with a permanent-link

- API:
	. Intuitive custom-made object-oriented API for rapid prototyping of interactive sketches.
	. Written on top of the powerful Java library Processing, allowing most Processing drawing operations to be seamlessly integrated into the new structure.
	. All source code provide to allow customization and easy learning.


=== Beyond The Hack ===

- Play:
	allow optional account creation to bookmark favorites, customize interface, allow editing of owned sketches, and much more.
	enables better search and categorization of sketches, and suggestion of similar works.
	supports downloading of sketches as .zip files.
	
- Hack:
	improve the API to support common interactive tasks such as physics simulation, pixel-perfect collision detection, scene management, event system, and allow uploading of images, fonts, audio, and other assets.
	enables rating and commenting of sketches and forks.
	expand the number of supported frameworks and languages, such as pixi.js, p5.js, and WebGL.

- Learn:
	provide extensive collection of examples to help with the learn-by-example philosophy.
	provide comprehensive documentation of the API.
	provide an intuitive tutorial system to allow fast-searching of concepts and keywords directly from within the editor.
